#Basic flow to create a PDF using the Sweave workflow concept
1.) Make a regular latex file but give it the suffix .Rnw instead of .tex.  e.g. "foo.Rnw"
2.) Then run the following R command at the commandline.  "R CMD Sweave foo.Rnw" this will create a .tex file
3.) Now run latex on this file.  "latex foo".  This will create a dvi version of the file
4.) Now to view the output you can either use "xdvi foo" or to create a pdf use "dvipdf foo.tex"
5.) Then you can open the .pdf file as normal

#Controlling what R text is shown
In each R code block included in the .Rnw file you can control whether you want the code and/or results of running
that code to be displayed in the final PDF.  Each code block is defined as follows:

<<label=code_block_lable, OPTIONS>>=

R CODE BLOCK

@

The OPTIONS are:
echo: logical (TRUE). Include S code in the output file?

eval: logical (TRUE). If FALSE, the code chunk is not evaluated, and hence no text or graphical
output produced.

results: character string (verbatim). If verbatim, the output of S commands is included in
the verbatim-like Soutput environment. If tex, the output is taken to be already proper
latex markup and included as is. If hide then all output is completely suppressed (but
the code executed during the weave).

print: logical (FALSE) If TRUE, each expression in the code chunk is wrapped into a print()
statement before evaluation, such that the values of all expressions become visible.

term: logical (TRUE). If TRUE, visibility of values emulates an interactive R session: values of
assignments are not printed, values of single objects are printed. If FALSE, output comes
only from explicit print or cat statements.

split: logical (FALSE). If TRUE, text output is written to separate files for each code chunk.
strip.white: logical (TRUE). If TRUE, blank lines at the beginning and end of output are
removed.

prefix: logical (TRUE). If TRUE generated filenames of figures and output have a common
prefix.

prefix.string: a character string, default is the name of the ‘.Snw’ source file.

include: logical (TRUE), indicating whether input statements for text output and includegraphics
statements for figures should be auto-generated. Use include=FALSE if the
output should appear in a different place than the code chunk (by placing the input line
manually).
11

fig: logical (FALSE), indicating whether the code chunk produces graphical output. Note that
only one figure per code chunk can be processed this way.

eps: logical (TRUE), indicating whether EPS figures shall be generated. Ignored if fig=FALSE.

pdf: logical (TRUE), indicating whether PDF figures shall be generated. Ignored if fig=FALSE.

width: numeric (6), width of figures in inch.

height: numeric (6), height of figures in inch.


